chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645cc5925f158b5b33e2698f.md

When your code runs, the `a()` function is added to the call stack first.

> In your `callStack` array, add the following string: ``` `a(): returns "freeCodeCamp " + b()` ```. This represents the function call and the code that will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `callStack` array, add the following string: `"a(): returns 'freeCodeCamp ' + b()"`. This represents the function call and the code that will be executed.
```

These can just be represented as strings.

assert.isString(callStack[0]);
```

> The string in `callStack` should be the string ``` `a(): returns "freeCodeCamp " + b()` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string in `callStack` should be the string `"a(): returns 'freeCodeCamp ' + b()"`.
```
